[do not merge] change name to model consumption (#6003)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/explore-projects.md

- **Lineage graph** &mdash; Explore your project's or account's [lineage graph](#project-lineage) to visualize the relationships between resources.
- **Latest updates** &mdash; View the latest changes or issues related to your project's resources, including the most recent job runs, changed properties, lineage, and issues.
- **Marts and public models** &mdash; View the [marts](/best-practices/how-we-structure/1-guide-overview#guide-structure-overview) and [public models](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-access#access-modifiers) in your project. 

> - **Model query history** &mdash; Use [model query history](/docs/collaborate/model-consumption) to track the history of queries on your models for deeper insights.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Model consumption** &mdash; View [model consumption](/docs/collaborate/model-consumption) to track the history of queries on your models for deeper insights.
```
